# Senior_Project
Senior Project

Problem

We live in a world with AI controlled/operated surveillance equipment built into every facet of our public lives. This wouldn’t be a problem in and of itself if the AI were unbiased, and those who had access to them were paragons of civic virtue. As computer scientists, we know that it is impossible to make an unbiased AI on data gathered from the real world, as all data describing a society is inherently biased. Data gathered from a biased source will lead to biased conclusions. Powerful tools are in the hands of those who may not use them appropriately. Even if they are used correctly now, different groups will have control over those tools in the future, and may utilize them with malicious intent. A license plate scanner that is attached to a database may be used to search for those with arrest warrants in a parking lot. They can also be used to create complete travel maps for an individual, as well as track connections between that individual and every person they meet. A facial detection system built into streetlamps could theoretically be used to prevent crime, but we have seen it used in China to implement a Social Credit system that persecutes minorities and those in opposition to the CPP. AI tools are powerful, and they are being implemented in ways that do more harm to the people they are meant to serve than good.

Individuals who live in societies that utilize AI powered surveillance tools have little power to stop the usage of those tools. However, they can utilize camouflage to prevent the AI tools from being effective. There exist clothing options today that can be used to fool a variety of types of detection AI, but they haven’t been widely adopted. The reasons for this are simple: they are ugly, non-personal, obtrusive, and usually are made without a specific AI in mind. This means that for any specific surveillance system, there are very few articles that could be used to subvert it. This makes it difficult for those who care about privacy to utilize them, and the inaccessibility of tools to make custom articles makes it difficult to create their own. Further, by not having a large pool of such articles available, there is no chance of the designs being taken into the mainstream fashion and design worlds.

In summary, the problems we will be addressing are that:
 - There are few options available for AI defeating clothing.
 - Most AI defeating clothing is not attractive.
 - Tools to create custom clothing exist, but do not tie in detection AI subversion concepts.
 - Tools to create designs that will defeat AI exist, but are targeted to specific AI and do not provide easy access for those with
               little to no knowledge of AI.

Solution

Our group plans to create a web-interface based product that will allow users to create and test their own designs against a suite of different forms of detection AI (Main focus: Facial Recognition and License Plate Detection). The users will need no knowledge of how the system works, as it will be created with users unfamiliar with computers in mind. The user will first select the type of AI they are attempting to subvert (Facial Recognition or License Plate Detection). The interface will feature a cloth design section, where they will be able to upload their own design elements. The website will also feature an image of a t-shirt where the user will be able to customize and design the t-shirt with the uploaded images. The user will then submit the t-shirt design for verification against the AI selected. In a fully automatic process, a screen shot will be taken of the image. This screen shot will be sent to our server, which will run the relevant AI against them. A rating will then be returned in the header section of our website with a display message of "Approved" or "Failed" respectively, depending on the criteria the request to the server was made with. This will allow the user to know if their design will work without having to make a physical prototype and try it against a system they have access to. As a result, the ability to regain privacy will be made available to anyone who has a few minutes to make something that they think looks good.
